# Conveyor Compose Multiplatform Starter

This is a Kotlin Multiplatform project targeting Android, iOS and desktop. It's a normal project as generated by 
`conveyor generate compose com.example.my-project` in Conveyor 18 or later, which in turn is based on a project
generated by [the KMP project wizard](https://kmp.jetbrains.com/).

## Layout

* `conveyor.conf` configures some of the desktop packaging, and imports other parts from `composeApp/build.gradle.kts`
  via the Conveyor Gradle plugin applied at the top of that file.
* `icon.svg` is used by Conveyor to render all the platform specific icons.
* `/composeApp` is for code that will be shared across your Compose Multiplatform applications.
  It contains several subfolders:
  - `commonMain` is for code that’s common for all targets.
  - Other folders are for Kotlin code that will be compiled for only the platform indicated in the folder name.
    For example, if you want to use Apple’s CoreCrypto for the iOS part of your Kotlin app,
    `iosMain` would be the right folder for such calls.
* `/iosApp` contains iOS applications. Even if you’re sharing your UI with Compose Multiplatform, 
  you need this entry point for your iOS app. This is also where you should add SwiftUI code for your project.

## Update API

The project is adapted to use the Conveyor Control API. It lets you read the currently running app version, the
latest version published to the update site, and it lets you trigger an update from code. See the code in the
desktop source set for details.